Hi guys and welcome to the complete crowdfunding course.
My name is Angela and I'm in Iowa.
And watching us develop them as well as the founder of the London brewery.
Now at the law Nappi Amata is the fastest way to learn to code.
We teach web and mobile application development as well as a whole bunch of other things like design
and digital marketing.
Now I've been lucky enough to have been named as one of the rising stars in the most influential women
in UK I.T. and I have a huge interest in enabling people from non-technical backgrounds to get into
tech and learn digital skills.
So what do we do at the lender.
Well most of the time we teach programming but we also work with a number of companies and organizations
like the NHS and universities like London School of Economics as well as large companies like Amazon
or Twitter or Oracle to bring the best education in tech available to everybody.
Now in June 2016 we embarked on a kickstarter to crowdfund our online platform.
So you might already be on that online platform right now and it's only possible because of our hugely
successful Kickstarter.
So there was a lot of coffee that was consumed during that very short time period.
But we were able to raise almost forty thousand pounds in under 28 days acquiring 714 backers and getting
almost a thousand people to look at the Kickstarter every day.
So I want to share with you what it's like to run a Kickstarter including the most exciting part when
you can watch the amount that you've raised go up live.
You know it's just literally sitting there looking at the screen and seeing the numbers go up like every
second.
Especially towards the end.
It was absolutely insane.
And I want to show you a step by step approach from all of our research and all of our experience in
running a successful Kickstarter so that you too can raise funding for your idea through Crowdfunding.
So the various aspects that we're going to cover are research i.e. what you need to do before you start
your Crowdfunding.
And a lot of the reason behind successful Kickstarter is is adequate planning.
So we're going to talk about what are the things you need to look at and what are some of the number
crunching exercises you need to do before you even start your Kickstarter.
Next we're going to talk about the algorithm and I'm going to target most specifically Kickstarter because
that's one of the largest platforms where people crowdfund and I'm going to talk about how you can get
your project to rank in the popular section of Kickstarter.
Now a lot of the rules are going to talk about is going to apply to indigo Cedar's or crowd cube or
any of the big crowdfunding sites.
So as long as you've got the algorithm down and you know what contributes to your project ranking then
you'll be able to get your project in front of the eyeballs of many many more people and therefore raise
more funding then we're going to talk about the actual campaigns so we're going to dive deep into how
you can go about producing your video how you should go about optimizing your listing your title or
your description for CEO as well as for buyer psychology so that we can make your campaign the best
that it possibly can be.
We're going to look into some examples where this was done well and what was done badly so that we can
show you using case studies exactly what you should do.
Next we're going to dig into analytics how you can track your campaign and how you can track your campaign
progress.
Then we're going to talk about traffic.
And this is going to be a huge topic because essentially at the end of the day all crowdfunding success
boils down to one thing and that traffic.
If he got it then you have nothing to worry about.
And if you don't then you're not going to see the amount raised go up.
So we're going to talk about how you can bring traffic through social media through hitting up known
Kickstarter backers and creating a big email list by having a landing page.
And how you can go about creating all those things and the last thing that we're going to talk about
is post-campaign IP.
What do you have to do after the campaign is finished and how can you make it as pain free as possible.
Not at this stage.
All the exciting parts the fund raising excitement has all finished but it doesn't mean that you can
be like there's a lot of things that you need to be aware of including tax including platform fees and
a whole bunch of other things that we're going to talk about.
And throughout this course we're going to be telling you what you should be doing before the Kickstarter
starts what you should be doing during it and what you might need to do afterwards.
So there's a clear timeline of what tasks need to be done when so that you can plan and use your time
most effectively.
And also I'm going to be telling you about a lot of the tools that I've used and I came across that
were really really useful so that you don't have to go digging around or creating your own tools for
certain things.
I'm going to teach you.
And the idea really is that the Course is meant to be a step by step approach so that we can show you
you need to do at each and every stage of your crowdfunding journey so that you have the best chance
of making your project a huge success and raising capital to make it happen.
I'm really excited.
I hope you are too.
And I'll see you on my next lesson.
When we get started.